>> Erik Reinert: Okay, cool,
so we created a database and
we created a network that it uses.
If we go back really quickly to the chart,
right, so
far we have created the blue box and
then technically you can't see the vpc.
But think of the VPC as like the big blue
square around it, around everything.
Everything basically sits in this
VPC besides, really, cloudfront.
But now what we want to do is we want to
provision ECS, the load balancer as well.
And what we're gonna do is we're
gonna make a small opinionation and
we're gonna say whenever
we created a ECS cluster,
we wanna attach a load balancer to it so
that we always know that if we
can wanna take traffic into this cluster,
we can, right?
So we're going to make sure that we don't
just create an ECS cluster inside of our
cluster module, but we're also going to
make sure we might add some other things
to make it so that that cluster is like
fully retrofitted with what we need.
Okay, so I'm going to go into my module.
So I'm going to create a directory called
cluster inside of my main root module.
So again, module cluster.
And then I'm going to create a file or
a couple of files.
My first file is going
to be user data tpl.
And I will explain this really quickly
to you guys because there are pros and
cons to this.
So we are creating an ECS cluster, right?
And out of the box.
We're not creating an ECS cluster with
like Fargate or anything like that.
We're doing it a little old school,
we're creating an ECS cluster
with Amazon EC2 instances.
We still are taking
the whole VMS approach, but
we want to create VMS that run
containers on top of them.
Amazon, because we're using EC2,
requires us to do
a bit of setup to get the cluster
to work the way it should.
And one of the main kind of annoyances,
but
like something that you need to do when
you're creating EC2 clusters with EC or
I'm sorry, ECS clusters with
EC2 instances, they're naming,
you have to provision each instance
with a small piece of data
inside of it that tells it the cluster
that it's running inside of.
If you've ever, how many of you guys
have heard of cloud init before?
Like user data cloud in it.
Okay, so when we first got the cloud,
when the cloud first hit the scene,
one of the questions a lot
of people asked was, well,
how do I automate installing packages,
right?
Like, I'm tired of creating instances and
having to SSH into them and
set them up and all that stuff.
And so after a little while,
we found a solution that eventually
got created called Cloud init.
And the idea behind Cloud Init is
you can give it, like, scripts and
other things like that that will run
the moment the instance comes online.
This makes it so that I can kind of
precede an instance with a script,
and then that script will start,
it'll run, and then it'll make it so
that the instance maybe configures
itself or installs binaries or whatever.
That's what this user data TPL file is.
Every single instance inside of my cluster
will create a file in the path, etc.
ECS config.
Its contents will simply be this.
Now, what does this look like to you guys?
Just out of curiosity,
we've seen this before.
An ENV.
Yeah, it's an ENV file, yeah.
So basically, to get the instances
to join the appropriate cluster,
we have to seed in an ENV
file onto the host so
that when the program starts or
the service starts on the instance,
it'll go, the ECS cluster is cluster name.
Let me join, right, so
this is [LAUGH] compare
this to App Runner.
Right, again, what I have learned
especially if you're speaking to somebody
in business, it will, [LAUGH] as the Tim
Robinson joke that we've been making,
it'll make them wanna hit you,
cuz it's just annoying.
It doesn't make sense.
Just make my cluster run.
Right.
Where does it get its cluster name?
Right, exactly, yeah, so
this is actually a template file.
And so Terraform will load this file and
inject the name from the terraform code.
But yeah, that's basically what we're
doing is we're creating a template file
that Terraform will load,
change any variables inside of it, and
then add that to the instance
when it's created.
So I know I went on a little bit of a rant
there, but again, the main reason why I do
that or why I did that was I just wanted
you to understand what this file does and
its importance.
It is very important.
If this doesn't exist,
none of the nodes will join the cluster.
But it is also kind of annoying
because you have to create this,
Amazon doesn't really create this for you.
Which again, goes to show you
that not even Amazon's perfect.
Sometimes it takes a little bit of work
just to even get what you're trying
to achieve.
Okay, so the next thing I want
to do is create a data file.
So I'm going to create a data TF file and
then inside of that
I'm going to actually create
a couple of data entries.
So the first data entry I'm going
to create is a policy document.
So if you remember,
when we created App Runner,
we created this assume role policy, right?
Well, that is that work
being moved to Terraform.
So now I don't have to do
that in the UI anymore.
Now I can just tell the Terraform
to create an assume role policy.
And the idea is that I'm creating one for
the role to work with EC2 or
work with EC2 instances basically.
The next thing we're doing,
this is actually kinda neat, and
another cool feature of Amazon.
Amazon does provide a lot of really nice,
helpful developer features and tools,
especially for automation and
stuff like that.
And one of the things that they did was
is they made a public parameter store.
And in this public parameter
store are values and
references that you may need for
provisioning things in Amazon.
And the main takeaway here is
that Amazon is still a growing.
I don't want to call it a startup,
but it still has that feel pretty
heavily because you have to.
It's kinda like a hobby set,
you have to glue pieces together and
then you finally get your toy.
Right.
But it's not like a seamless experience.
You know, a lot of these
services that are higher level,
like you saw how easy it was
to create an EC2 instance.
It's just like one resource done, Right.
But when you talk about something like
ecs, which takes multiple instances into
a cluster and then like makes
Docker on them and then like
runs a container on top of that, there's
a lot of gluing that goes into this.
And so Amazon has made it so that you can
kind of find those pieces really easily
and glue together what you're trying
to glue as reproducibly as possible.
And so what I'm doing here
is I'm actually looking up
a parameter in Amazon's
parameter store for
the AMI or the instance image for
all of the images.
Because that is a hard thing to find and
it is very annoying to find if
you don't know what an AMI is.
That is the actual instance image
image that will be provisioned with
the instance.
So like Ubuntu, Debian, whatever,
right, this is a Amazon Linux
image that's specifically
designed to work with ECS, yeah.
Can you make your own amis?
Yep.
Like load.
Absolutely, yeah, and for
my personal stuff, I do that, actually.
I didn't think I'd actually
end up shouting this out, but
it's appropriate time too.
I actually use Nix, which is
a package Manager, to build AMIs and
install all of the binaries and
everything I need on it, and
then it bakes that image and then creates
it, and then I can use it in Amazon.
So, yeah, if you've ever heard of Packer,
Packer is another tool that makes it so
that you can create AMIs and
then push them to Amazon and then use
them with your instances and stuff.
So, yeah, you totally can.
This is just like, nice because it'll have
a lot of the tools and everything already
needed to run ECS in it, so I don't have
to worry about setting up this instance.
I just drop that little file into
place and then everything else works.
So again, if you're just curious about it.
And I included the link here too, so
you can see all the other parameters
that they provide and whatnot.